Version 1.1.8 (#9763)
ihhub/fheroes2: changelog.txt

version 1.1.8 (04 May 2025)
- add defense penalty to moat building info and adjust wording
- add the translation of buttons in Editor's main menu
- implement scrollable text input
- allow to navigate item lists using keyboard keys

> - allow to close a dialog with a single OK or CANCEL button in a button group by OK and CANCEL hotkeys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- allow to close a dialog with a single OK or CANCEL button in a button group using OK and CANCEL hotkeys
```

- if a hero was moved to a castle when loading the map, train him in the Mage Guild
- fix cursor positioning for the Virtual Keyboard
- add a shadow for the Heroes Meeting dialog
- add color name to Traveler Tent's popup message

> - allow to use of hardware keyboard when Virtual Numpad is opened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- allow the use of a hardware keyboard when Virtual Numpad is opened
```
